yes I have slept own urine / knocking
each around wake
I want a ride
you
hyperion are skeptical the Bandit Lilith
was confirmed dead after the liberation
of them hearing we will need to listen
to your footage before payment can be
processed leave the echoes in the
attached in drop locations find those
echoes killer if Hyperion finds out I'm
alive and working with the Crimson
Raiders it could be New Haven all over
again
I like this place hi Barry shouldn't be
able to find you here Thanks look tried
to make it very gruesome oh it's gonna
say cozy you strapped charred bandit
corpses around the entrance corpses can
be cozy kind of like I place a new haven
before yeah I'm going
suave
so what's the emergency hi record like a
guy come again I was out hunting and I
found some of that iridium stuff and one
of those weird worshiper guys sees me
and i sees him down and grab him an East
liquefied it was awesome I don't know if
it's cuz of the vault opening salvo this
is iridium stuff is the tents okay but
why not just send an echo why call me
out here and increase the risk of up
here in finding out just still working
with the prince and Raiders um because
how are you doing
just left for dead in the snow
I just got
woman wore on every bandit in the time
and let the blood shots overrun
sanctuary no no
can't see them is the Lance
Thanks the less Hyperion knows about me
the better you didn't listen to those
echoes right